
jquery.event.drop.js / threedubmedia.com

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The MIT License

Copyright (c) 2008-2009, Three Dub Media (threedubmedia@gmail.com)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Changes in Version 1.2, 2009-03-16

- added try/catch block in the private hijak function to fix an error with IE.
The original event object disappears when using setTimeout, so hijacking an 
event and handling a custom event later, was throwing an exception whenever 
the handler would return false, because "preventDefault" and "stopPropagation" 
were automatically being called on the "originalEvent." Thanks to Charles,
Vivekanand Mishra, and Steen Nielsen, for helping uncover this issue. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Changes in Version 1.1, 2009-01-26

- Now Compatable with jQuery 1.3.x and jQuery 1.2.x

- added private hijack function to handle custom event handlers and find the 
correct return value in jQuery 1.2.x as well as jQuery 1.3.x

- reworded the "tolerate" loop to save some lines.

- Made the "tolerate" function private.

- renamed the private "$elements" property to "$targets"

- Modified "$.dropManage" to only set certain options, instead of extending the 
whole "$.event.special.drop" object, to prevent accidental overwrite.

- added local variable refs for "$.event" and "$.event.special" to reduce file
size when minified/packed, and speed up execution.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Changes in Version 1.0, Released 2008-08-08

- Initial Release

